Deploying a React application on Amazon S3 for static website hosting involves several steps: Build Your React Application.
Navigate to your React project directory in your terminal and run the build command to generate the production-ready static files:
Code

    npm run build
    # or
    yarn build
This creates a build folder containing optimized HTML, CSS, and JavaScript files.
Create an S3 Bucket:
Log in to your AWS Management Console and navigate to the S3 service.
Click "Create bucket."
Provide a unique bucket name and choose the AWS region closest to your users.
Crucially, in the "Block Public Access settings for this bucket," uncheck "Block all public access" and acknowledge the warning. This allows your website to be publicly accessible.
Create the bucket.
Configure S3 Bucket for Static Website Hosting:
Select your newly created bucket.
Go to the "Properties" tab.
Scroll down to "Static website hosting" and click "Edit."
Enable static website hosting.
Set the "Index document" to index.html and the "Error document" to index.html (or a custom error page if you have one).
Save changes.
Set Bucket Policy for Public Access:
Go to the "Permissions" tab of your S3 bucket.
Under "Bucket policy," click "Edit."
Paste the following policy, replacing YOUR_BUCKET_NAME with your actual bucket name:
Code

    {
        "Version": "2012-10-17",
        "Statement": [
            {
                "Sid": "PublicReadGetObject",
                "Effect": "Allow",
                "Principal": "*",
                "Action": "s3:GetObject",
                "Resource": "arn:aws:s3:::YOUR_BUCKET_NAME/*"
            }
        ]
    }
save changes.
Upload Your React Build Files:
In your S3 bucket, click "Upload."
Drag and drop the contents of your React application's build folder (not the build folder itself) into the upload area. Ensure all files and subfolders (like static) are included. 
Click "Upload."
Access Your Deployed Application:
Go back to the "Properties" tab of your S3 bucket.
Under "Static website hosting," you will find the "Bucket website endpoint." This is the URL where your React application is now live.
